Secure grpc calls with this article
https://dev.to/techschoolguru/how-to-secure-grpc-connection-with-ssl-tls-in-go-4ph

Allow notes and links to be added to content. Also store software somewhere.
Maybe even CVEs.

Create a page with links to all content rules. Only indexable by Google ;P

Allow bruteforcing of login pages.

Check regex for contentrule when creating or updating the entry

Add autocomplete for web IU things like the content type field.

Support macros in response (e.g. {{%%IP%%}})

For a new rule, show how many requests would have matched.

Refactor the timed events in the backend (e.g. loading rules). Also make
cleaning of expired items from cache a timed event.

Fix routing

Add source IP to rule so we can mess with specific targets.

Add export option for rules and content.

Add statistics.

Allow request searching per content ID, rule indexable

Test with a fresh database.

Allow response duration to be set.

XXL fetch malware.

Detect and decode base64.

Add tags to the requests overview and show information. E.g. [payload] [base64]

Add authentication of honeypot

Add authentication to web UI

Add xsrf protection to web UI

Allow a content to be set as the default.

Add request to process queue, pick it up from thread, run through decoders, run
through metadata extractors, store metadata.... missing link..  fetch payloads

Add settings menu.  Including default page to serve and virus total API
Add virus total api

Prevent recursive downloads if the IP of a honeypot is used as payload in a
request. This is a reason why we need to know what honeypots there are.

XL - Allow honeypots to self register. They will receive a default configuration
which can be edited via the UI.

XL - Allow alerts to be configured for rules

XL - Create reports. Daily report per email.

Allow a hostname to be specified for a rule.

Allow content to be uploaded in a zip.

Make the rules paged and searchable. Refactor the requestslists.vue so that a
lot of the logic can be reused for the rules vue.


